No Happy, just New Year.
Owl, calm your pants down.
Spin it the way you want to spin it.
More power to the booze.
I'm not drunk enough for this song.
Everything else can suck it.
Holy dicks!
How do I jam myself in?
Do I want to be only intentionally racist? But of course!
You can suck my dingle dongle.
Everything can suck it.
Are you f***ing my dick?
But how can you resist delicious Nico body?
I can suck more.
Dicks are fine but...
Oh come on, my quote bot is just going to be filled with dicks.
I should probably shut up when it comes to something about dicks...
Why am I so poor?
I can't aim; what do you think I am? Good?
Beating Cirno would be a great accomplishment.
You're gonna do me dirty like that?
I'm of the suckage persuasion.
It's the sucking that's fun.
I'm alone; I need company.
How to play this game: Mash the A button.
Stick it in her.
I'm going to beat this loli.
I showed that loli MY gun!
Just sit there and take it.
If you give me that 1% win rate, I'll take it.
It will feel good, I promise.
I have a loli petit body.
The dick is filled with the bot.
This is purgatory; nothing but Blueberry train.
What can I say? I am a god of being unlucky.
Don't be me; Don't be stupid.
Only squares read the manual.
I'm cool, and I am into cool girls.
Thumbing is easier than fingering.
Loli is clearly a very important aspect.
It looks like this girl likes rice, I can dig this.
I won't be able to think with this throbbing.
It's really a rigorous competition for morning wood.
I chop a lot of morning wood, a euphemism for masturbation.
You see, morning wood is the thing that lumberjacks go for.
The bot is being filled with dicks again! But this time in morning wood form.
I just need to shut up and learn to accept whatever s*** needs accepting.
Whoever gets the morning wood will be profiting the most on that day.
Every man needs his playboy.
Are you shitting my dick?
Nico's loli body seduced me.
I've been through so much s***...
Think of all the not UR cards I could have gotten with that money~
The mushroom! Go for the mushroom!
Nooo! The mushroom was a bait!
I would name my first born child Force Crisis.
If I can just hit her it does tons of damage.
How do I hit her with it?
It's good when you can, like, hit things with it but when you can't it's terrible.
*** this bunny.
Why the *** there's so many? Get the f*** out of my town.
I just need to learn to aim, and then we should be set.
I need to avoid the f*** corridor.
Into the anals of time.
Honkers got some nice bonkers.
I was fighting those white balls.
*** this Nico, tenderly and with love.
Gotta get her the dinner before getting it on.
I'm gonna try fingers, just for the hell of it.
I was trying out a new thumbing technique, it didn't work out.
Tell me more about you rubbing it.
Why am I so asian?
Maybe I'm just half black and half asian.
Delicious Nico body is delicious in moderation.
You can't have your cake and eat it too; it's too dangerous.
I'm omnipotent.
I'm not into dicks. The only time I'm into dicks is the time they are shoved into my "quotebot."
I remember the anals of time, and I remember the f*** corridor
Where is the Nico? Let's take her out, guys.
Try the black man.
That was just one big Candyman circlejerk.
I'm sick of this Candyman-Candyman circlejerk.
I just took it like a b****.
I unlocked a new ball, what do I do with this? Get creative?
I do not pronounce "era" as "ara". Well, maybe I do but...
Calm down guys, I'm not dead. Yet.
Don't put those fantasies in my mind. I can't contain myself.
Maybe if I'm free at lunch I'll take Hanayo up on her "offer."
If you're too alpha they're not gonna go for it.
I need to do a few "things" before I can enjoy myself.
Thank you very much for this privilege, Hanayo.
Well, I don't mind a little "preview" of one of my favourite members, Hanayo.
I think we should keep this our little secret, right, Hanayo?
How old am I? Is this legal?
Right, guys? The anals?
It was a wild night of fisting and partying.
The others can suck it for now.
Honoka and Umi just sandwiched me.
You can jump?! This is like me discovering Alice in MegaMari.
Kayochin need some exercise, yo.
When Honoka and Umi sandwich you there's just nothing you can do.
Clearly "horns" make me horny.
Shrooms are bad, mmkay?
It will make aiming my s***.
Petrified poop? You mean the stuff that comes out of me in the morning?
Many things come out of me in the morning.
Sucking it up as usual.
What do I do with my morning wood in the morning?
This guy is so fat he's got his own gravitational field.
I've got no beef with fat people. They ate it all!
These vaginal lasers should not be this hard.
There's nothing wrong with being a square. It's a very nice shape.
I got UR Nico so I guess f*** my life?
There's nothing wrong with not having a face. It's just makes it easy to kill you.
Oh, you think you're funny, game? Because I'm not f***ing laughing.
I can't speak, that's why I'm in sciences.
We've reached a point where we're not gonna see much poop anymore.
When you're a baby you see poop all the time.
I'm starting to get how to do this with my thumbs.
You're not only battling timing, you're also battling accuracy.
Everyone needs to exercise, otherwise you become jello.
Wow, don't put the onigiri right on top of Umi.
I wanna see how big her "horns" can grow.
I should've went for the mushroom.
Just hang me right now.
Well, now you're just gonna die without any kind of amusement.
Not that I condone any kind of arachnophilia. If that's even a thing.
No ghost should be jiggling this much, it's not healthy.
You have a rainbow fat thing? Oh, I'm jealous.
Ok, round two, Waka Waka. Round f***ing two.
The s*** I say is so quotable.
I'd rather be a square than an octagon. Could you imagine if you were an octagon? That's twice the amount of sides the square has!
I feel like a hanged man right now.
What a waste of 15 dolos.
I've got a school tomorrow so it be wise not to get wasted.
Don't worry guys, these babies are gonna carry me.
Nooooo! Get back here, you motherfu'!
Do I want to fight Mom right now? Might as well.
The only time you see feces now is in the toilet. I would hope.
Why do the bouncing brains explodes into guts?
Oh darn these screeching angel babies!
Don't take your life lessons from biologists.
Oh, right, I'm poor.
Oh, Loneliest Baby. That's what I am, after my girlfriend left me... I'm just kidding, I don't have one. Anymore.
Ceris, you need to get on this loneliest baby action.
I pretty much hold the monopoly of streaming this game, except some "other guy" *cough* But disregard the "other guy".
I got your alpacas right here as I point to my nether regions.
Oh my f***...
This is our town, scrubs, yeah, beat it, you're not cool enough.
There was a time when I could full combo everything...
Whatever, I'm gonna scrub it up. Assist me with your perfect locks!
Clearly I'm just the most narcissistic person in the universe and all these 24 viewers are just me and I'm talking to myself.
If you can't take the heat, get out of the kitchen.
Sometimes it's easier to find things that are inside of other things.
Tonight is going to be a long night, boys~ We're grinding until I can "full combo" this.
Yeah, you're scum, Clear, but you're not like Ceris level scum. Ceris level scum is making five different accounts to attention whore.
She has to have a nice body too. I have standards, you know. Very important standards.
I'm pretty sure I'm a guy with a girl voice.
I'm pretty sure Y is more shaped like the vagoogoo region.
The only reason Andrew is a mod is because I know him in real life and if he does something I don't like I can shank him.
You're already halfway there, might as well go all the way.
As a biologist I think all of psychology is phony.
Clear, I'm not here to convince you whether you're normal or not.
What is wtfing up in sound town?
My biology knowledge says that, yes, people do die when they are killed. This is confirmed by science.
I'm pretty sure the only person who is actually full-time job quoting me is DiCi. Everyone else is a slacker. If this was a class on quoting, DiCi would probably be an A+ student
All Ceris does is make alternate accounts and follow me.
Look at those Hanayo "points". Mmmm, delicious.
I almost thought you were Ceris. I'm sorry, Bread.
Ceris, it's just you and me tonight, baby.
Void staff too, for the penetration.
Now you're in mobile game purgatory, I hope you enjoy your stay!
The only time I'm wild is in the bed, ladies!
How do I English?
F*** me that month.
I'd like to dedicate this Medley to f*** me, sideways
I just like being told what to do.
Go ham on his face!
Common sense? The only sense I have is the uncommon kind.
The moment you stop playing this game you've already lost your sanity.
I'll show you my D20.
Do you want me to lie on the bed? Cus I'm already getting f***ed right now.
That's another reason why I got into a science major, because I can't play Monopoly for s***.
Why the f*** does the s*** turn into s*** when it touches my s***?
I refuse to comment on the state of my virginity.
So uh... Have you f***ed before?
I'm feeling it. It's a tight feeling.
Just let me jam my money into your moneyhole
No officer, I was not instigating rape, I just wanted to donate to her donation machine.
Gonna make you come... over to my house.
If you're a quick finisher, you should tell your partner.
I now have a little syringe sticking out of my butt.
If there's consent, it's okay, right?
I'm done. You like that baby? You got filled to the brim.
I'm in the f*** corridor.
Blueberry Train can suck, uhh, blueberry train.
I'm a casual gamer.
I have increased my skill.
Sexism is always the answer!
Don't hate people for hating things that you like.
All of my words are complete s***.
I think you're an oxymoron, Ramp.
A** class got delayed. How unfortunate.
The juices aren't really flowing right now.
Of course I'm a trap.
The closest thing to a hooker is Honkers.
This is the wrong kind of kinky.
They make me come very soon, right?
Something about a china dress makes a loli body better.
Anything better is a wet dream.
It has to be hard. Like my dick.
I'm sexually ignorant.
I'm happy with my lemons.
That implies I'm a girl. Which may or may not be true.
It's a life of a trap. You have to make yourself... convincing.
Even if I were a girl, I would be happy with my lemons. They're not melons or coconuts but they're lemons.
It'd be hard to tell if I'm breathing or not.
We can do some inhalation of snow in the meantime.
Guys, wanna have a little fun? A little good old-fashioned fun, if you catch my drift.
Get a little kinky in here.
Sometimes you just gotta to, you know, get some greasy elbows before you get the things the way you want them to get. What the f*** does that mean? I don't know.
I'm bad at saying things
If you're gonna s*** on me, do so lightly.
I'm suffering from Aldielei.
Well, if I was going to have to go to jail for something, it would probably be because of lolis.
Pack it up, boys, it's Eli night.
Ceris, why are you discriminating against the ants? Ants need to watch Twitch too.
I'm not that scummy. Yet.
Advice of the day: Spend a lot of money until it happens.
It's just us tonight, DiCi.
I would recommend to just lie in bed.
Tonight is a whale chat, only the whales are here.
My chat is just a whale circlejerk.
Just alternate between Nozomi night and Eli night.
I admit I'm second banana. I was first but I'm second banana.
Rub a dub dub, right in my tub.
Give me that Nico body, in ultra rare format.
I'm gonna go spend some quality time with this Hanayo, if you know what I mean.
I'm not sure what Aldielei is.
She has a nice body, but not a very nice skill.
What?! Girl came out of a bird?!
There is no way in hell I am pure.
Can you please let me wedge my cracker in your jenga hole?
It's bad enough when Owl and I get together, if you know what I mean
I don't know why but I always go for the birds.
Hey little girl, do you want to become an idol? Get in my van.
That makes me wet.
Let me show you my loli
I need my daily loli fix
If you donate two sausages, I can try
Oh wait, nevermind, no loli, guys
We'll reserve loli for later
Not loli enough. But I appreciate the effort.
Ok, Ceris, I'll "use" you
Imagine all world leaders having waifu
I need to fill your bond points
Don't look at my whaleness, you'll be blinded
When he comes back to visit, I can shank him all I want~
Calm your tits
I've been really struggling with f***ing Shaw
I'm not that senile guys.
I'm uncultured scum
I'm quite a cheesy guy myself.
I'm thinking of paizuri
No, I don't want you to dig deeper!
What's the point of a rape if we can't rape someone?
Let's leave the loli debate for another time
I'm your Jesus
I've surpassed Jesus
It's quite shameful of me to not have touched her
Why would I need two vehicles to kidnap children?
Can we get back on the topic of kidnapping children?
How was your day, guys? I kidnapped some children, how about you?
My worst nightmare is listening to myself
The quote bot is essentially my child
I'm more powerful than Jesus, and I make Death run away from me
Dawg, do you plan to surpass Jesus?
I still get fujoshi flashbacks
I'll show you my Initial D
I'm pretty sure I don't have any organs cus I sold them all for loveca.
If I stare long enough, I'll find you
Blueberry Train was both penetrating and destructive
I mean, that's a nice body but I can't see much of it
Wait, you're not the loli. I mean, you are the loli but you're not THE loli.
Oh baby, we got another one of those lolis
She have the chest but not the body
How would you like to play Blueberry train with a team of Nico Senseis? That will be the ultimate purgatory.
Owl, if you want to get kinky in bed, you can just ask me.
Alright Nico, I'm going to come back into you
I need to use me
We are Ceris; for we are many.
Ceris, I already "used" you
I would like to "use" you, guys, but...
I have Eli that I need to "practice" a lot with
Come at me, Ramp. You know you want some of this booty.
I had the monopoly on sheep
You can abuse this by fighting somebody on the lollipop so that you will be forced to land on the lollipop
Ceris, you should be focusing right now on landing on your lollipop
I kinda don't like how I'm sandwiched between everyone
Oh, when did you get behind me?
It could've happened, you could've been KO'd by the chicken
This game isn't about you and me, it's about bullying Ceris
You guys can't hog me for yourselves all night
Well, pack it up, boys, the seagull is the winner
He's camping my body!
I believe in the chicken!
If you do it enough times, it will work out. It's the moral of the lesson.
I'm just making whale noises
I should've went deeper
Ok, so I'm not playing as Jesus. That's good.
I can either tap her or... what the f*** is that supposed to mean? Wiggle her? Sure, let's wiggle her.
I guess I'm supposed to fight Jesus
This girl need to calm her panties
Oh man, we're in the bedroom. You know what that means.
Oh yeah, baby, you want some tappin'?
Something about the "magic" that feels really good
Ceris, you want me to tap her, right? Rather than, you know, like fondle her?
I was rejected by Jesus. He DDoSed me.
I'm just gonna wiggle you some more
Is everyone just lining up to get their wiggle from me?
Oooh, are you gonna have a cat fight because I wiggled both of you?
There can only be one who gets wiggled
All you have to do is fap while showering. You'll save yourself some time and you can clean yourself afterwards.
Let's do some bonding, baby
I prefer my sister
We can bond with Jesus. Is this gonna be some homo sh**?
Let's do this, let's get down and dirty with Jesus
I gotta know where the lolis are, that's keeping me going
I don't know why but I feel obliged to bond with Jesus
The Russian mob and me are butt buddies.
I broke Nico.
I'm talking about Honoka's butt problem
It's always good to be butt buddies with a lot of folks. It's a good way of bonding and getting their trust.
You suck the luck from the duck.
H-A-R-D. Hard. You know, like the phallus between my legs.
I ain't feeding no Hanayos to other Hanayos, that's Hanabolism
I had to jam my phone in awkward positions
You've got like the extreme loli
Hey, check this little girl out!
I need to recruit the little girls to join my organization, if you know what I mean.
Let's stalk some more lolis
Mom, I don't want to grind anymore
I'll probably have to go change my pants after this
I'm going to have to change my pants twice after this!
Procrastination and masturbation are the same thing; In the end, you're only screwing yourself.
Since the 5th grade, I've lived with the delusion that I would be able to grow up and live a happily married life with my two little sisters. It was like I was the king of my own moe imouto world!
Cychun, why so long?
Yes, Kotori is better than Hanayo.
I have nothing to entertain you with.
Why is he black? That's weird.
We don't even f**k! It's not porn if we don't f**k!
I hate everything... I'll rub salt with more salt.
What are you talking aboot?
It feels good to feel bad
I don't suck at puns, the puns suck ME.
This is a grown-up hour. I don't think you're old enough to partake in this conversation.
I don't regret it though, it is the fun kind of gay.
Lying is like 95% of what I do.
I'd mount my friends. Any day of the week.
The thought of it is making me wet
I can't contain my Guppy boner. Once you taste it, it's too good.
Oh my god, a penguin is so big!
How could you reject my love, Ramp
Guys, what if you have sex with a penguin that turns into a girl, does that still counts as a bestiality?
But you're missing out on all this Five Guys at Freddy's action.
Tap. Tap tap that loli a*s.
I'm still waiting for the penguin to turn into a loli
If I could pay money for a penguin to turn into loli, I would totally do it
I'm not here to spin girls
I have friends?! When did this happened?
Goddammit, the Helicopter is back!
F**k me from a year ago
Nico please, your "event" starts in an hour, wait your turn in a line
I missed those times when I was still a fish
I am quite a kinky person, I enjoy my fair share of bondage.
Whenever you disagree, just rub one out.
You guys might be Krill but I'm not going to eat you.
Someone post porn so that I can stop streaming.
Can't you just agree to disagree and post some porn?
When did she honk into my life?
At least make yourself available for shanking... even if i don't have a shank.
Go finger all you want.
*** thumb.
They could tap sheep Kotori all day.
Oh, touch my tralala... My ding ding dong.
Clearly, Nico is my waifu.
Honoka is my favorite.
What the f**k is a rice sandwich? Sounds like some kind of sexual maneuver on Hanayo.
You should stop being a Kotori fag and join the Rinning side.
Nico is a flat bread sandwich. Right, guys?
Hanayo is a fulfilling sandwich, if you catch my drift.
Time to sing phrases to the Niconomicon, once again.
I'm gonna eat the sh** out of some yogurt after the stream!
Good night, sleep.
Jesus77? What happened to the other 76 Jesi?
I'm not feeling the tight feeling
Uhh
This shouldn't be as hard as it should be
Cereal connoisseurs of our time
You shouldn't be fighting me. You should be grinding.
You can do anything if you believe, also A LOT of money helps.
LIES!
Nozomi was a trap
Excuse me, Nico? Are you a trap?
Of course she is a trap!
High five for being old!
The game just crashed, it couldn't handle my openis
Udder, you're a scumbag! You're a scum of a scum!
Holy dicks, Udder!
Slaps down reality up the ghost gravity
I like when you hurt me, baby. So like it, love it, I want some more of it.
I just want you guys to sh** on me
Hunky-dory, that's all pop and fresh
Ride the F**king train!
I like DiCi sh**ting on me all the time
There's only one thing left I wanna unload. Yes, I know that sounds sexual.
My face is not dry. Hmmm, that sounded sexual too.
Wait, you killed your Burd? How do you live with the guilt?!
Dude, I fap to NTR every day
My darkest secret is that I'm a lolicon. But you already knew that.
I prefer my "opponents" to be weaker than me
I was distracted by all the dongers!
Oh my dick
We have all night, baby
Do you want to see my "fat" collection?
Suck it up, man!
How old are you? I'm 10.
What's your favorite color? I like rainbow.
My quotes are old and busted, Andrew's are the new hotness.
They sound unf**kable, so I wouldn't touch them...?
Like I said, they sound unf**kable
You can make a sex joke about eating
I really like using my thumbs
Get to it, son!
Oh yeah, I've got this, b**ch!
I'm always throbbing with the doki doki.
Chun Chun, motherf**kers! Chun Chun.
I'll show you my unbalanced love
I've got a fetish for pure girls
Hanayo is not pure enough
You're not a burd. You're a delicious loli but you're not a burd.
Kotori is the best waifu
You're so fine you blow my mind
I would tap those angels if you know what I mean
I can't waifu myself.
Oh yeah, let's shoot some motherf**kers!
Oh dude, can we fuse the guns?
We've idolized a gun!
Because I'm an idiot
We need more guns!
Everyone and their mother have this
Suck-it-up-mandude is too much for me to handle
Come here for the premium porn chat.
Cychun, are you not number first?
If you want a casual's channel, go to Owl's channel.
So young... so innocent, they are the prime targets to become next generation whales.
I will be streaming every day for the rest of my life.
Oh my Atlanta!
Oh my Rice!
Dude, Masturbate? I think you should go to the doctor.
Mmm, uncensored. The best kind of censor.
It's like you're documenting my "crab juice"
Just the right amount of gay
Whaledom. It's like femdom but with whales. I'm not into it but some people might have whale fetishes.
I look forward to the porn chat tomorrow
Religion cannot be scientific, because you cannot observe god.
When it's not porn, you're lucky.
Just fap in front of your computer screen. It's great!
The ghetto black people are always the drug dealers!
It doesn't matter if he kills you
This is gonna be a burd night
I AM rolling sh**. And I'm getting sh**.
Spikes plus burds equals death
Perhaps the heaviest thing that we lift are not our weights but our feels
No. NO. I missed a ball, NO!
What what in the butt
Once you go Dawg, you don't go back.
That's a new kind of porn, I support it!
She was easier to "farm"
Screw you, BBsenpai
Alright, I'll do it. Just because it's you, BBSenpai.
I hack everyday; I'm a lumberjack, that's how I make my dough.
The lolis... are nice.
I would fap the f*** to that sh**
Hey man, flat girls are great!
Run run run as fast as you can, you can’t catch me, I’m the dongerbread man
They want to bang the bangdicky
This is situational dickage!
You're presenting a lot of dicks.
Hey, if I got a job, then who's going to take care of my waifus?
Kotori is pretty kawaiiable
Kotori is my waifu
I will be too focused on D
My balls are pretty valuable.
Well, to be fair, guys do have two balls
Well, you know what they say, you only need one ball to function
I want to get in on this testes talk.
Three Panda Nico bodies? That's way too much for a man to handle
I'll be the peanut butter to your jelly
You have three days until i smack yo arse
The hardness gets easier the more you do it
I like loli bodies, not actual lolis
You get a sub button when you suck enough Twitch dick
Nico is the spawn of Satan
The things I can do with these noodle hands are unimaginable... Ladies~
I have a midterm in 9 hours!
You can stalk me!
Fluffing your bird? Do you realize how sexual that sounds?
I generally respect my female friends enough to not hit on them every hoot-n-hoot
Oh I will hit on that bird alright. I will fluff the sh** out of that bird.
I think stalkers are nice
A wise man once said, don't force your weird fetishes on other people.
I guess that makes me a chubby chaser
Maybe that's just my fat instinct talking but sasuga sounds a lot like sausage
Are you gonna finger-bang bang me into the night?
Girl, I wanna bang you, if that's alright
You know this guy's bread is soggy? Probably the tomatoes.
After all you're here for the fap
We are merely extensions of Ceris
I've considered that I'll find you and kill you with a spoon for making me quit my job
I'm just tapping some underage girls on my virtual phone
TopGunsable is Bae Kappa
Really, it would just be 10 days of me circlejerking to myself.
Going hard on a girl that you're not even a fan of is not the same as going hard on a girl that you are a fan of. It lacks feeling, it lacks emotion, it lacks dedication.
I'm not conscious of what I'm saying
Normal sh** is just as good
That Maki-Nico fusion loli, mmmm~
You've got a petite Nico body plus you've got a Maki hair and... it's great!
If they are not pants, they are skirts.
I'm a grey person
Back to 95% lie, 5% lie
Time for some loli fakku
I'm already scum enough as it is, I don't want to get even more scummier
Go finger crazy
Tap the Fu*k out of the idols with those sausages
I'm gonna fu*king talk them a new one
What's wrong with sausages, they have just the right amount of meat to chew on
I'm pretty sure I told you guys, dicks are fine
You read yuri doujins, so that makes you a lesbian
Yeah, I know you guys are going to quote that, that's why I said it!
I'll take it. I'll take it, and I'll laugh
I wish I was on a "f**king" holiday
I'll show you my rubrub
I missed two balls.
The only person that is not Ceris is DiCi, who is a fake Ceris.
I'm a Rinfag. Rin is my waifu.
Each member is my waifu, for all the members. Except Hanayo.
You guys are much more massive than I am.
Whales are trees. Money comes from trees which are made of paper. Therefore whales are money.
Owl is going down, unless he wants to compete with this arse.
This is my real voice, I only get to use it once a year
I'm the ultimate trap card.
I'll just go back to tapping lolis for an hour
I get all my viewership legitimately and without using any "underhanded" tactics
I felt it in my loins
Well you see, when the whales attempt to eat the starphins, they break up into even smaller starphins, and each small starphin has the strength of the original starphin and will kill the whale from the inside out
Me? Mad? Quite likely.
I ran out of organs to sell, so I sold my soul for loveca.
In the long run fingers make your life waaaaayyyyy easier!
Porn is decent.
I'll ban you so fast, you'll become a singularity.
I want to expire like milk
The ban hammer will flatter you so much, you'll become so dense that you will start to attract photons in the immediate area
Yeah, if you get so dense, the gravity around the immediate area will become so great that photons cannot escape
I can't believe it's not porn!
The only kind of whip I am into is Cool Whip.
You're telling me that crossdressing is hard. I've been doing it for years!
What is this, 2 girls talking about underwear?! That's like prepubescent teenager's wet dream!
It's ok to be a lolicon
Assume the position and you will be disciplined
I'm not discriminating based on gender
Dude, I can survive without fapping for 10 days
Of course. Never doubt the 69.
It most certainly does not have a hole in it!
I heard Obama outlawed the cancellation of SIF to lower suicide rate in males 18-32 years of age
It's all water under the rug now
I almost said some profanities. Wouldn't that be a ... Honoka
You think I'm a creativity factory?! I have to come up with sh** to say through my funnel hole!
You think I can stream with a brain?!
I'm giving you a "f**king" charity, you guys should be grateful!
Is tonight just tap Nico night?
I'd tap her all night and then some
There's no shame in that, she's legal!
There's no way to beat Coolguy unless you surprise buttf**k him
Who names himself "F**kBoi"?!
Anata no oppai wa totemo sugoi
Gobble gobble. Gobble. Illuminati. Gobble gobble.
Nice Nico, BBSenpai.
I'll f**king Nico Nico your knee!
Sh**sack?! Lovely!
I'll noodle you so hard, your arms will become spaghetti
Let's go, I'll f**king noodle your sh**!
I will f**king end you, Anni.
All this monopoly on the lolis with Anni dead!
Oh my god, are you just going to 69 it in chat?
When I start to waver I look Kotori in the eyes and my heart has the will to continue!
Oh wow, Jesus77. It's been so long since I found him last time!
WHAT!? RAMP IDOLIZED A UR!?
I did some voucher on mom action.
I'm gay.
I didn't even need to buttf**k you that time.
The time has come, and so have I.
I will freaking Nico-nico KLab's nii!
Not this shitu again.
I'm getting Shawed!
I'd rather be excited about 69 than be dead in the meme brain.
I approve hentai tears.
You've got practice tapping that Nico all day.
I own the Siberian salt mines. Salt is my life.
I would honk Honoka's honkers.
I was shoved between Owl and Lorelei.
The bot is full of dicks. But some of those dicks are gems, so they are gem dicks.
I'm going to delete the dick.
The dick has been deleted!
Friday is my last day of freedom...
That was me fapping.
The only difference is, one of them has a phallus in between.
Only when I use both hands do I feel the necessary pleasure for ejaculate.
It's so massive I have to use both hands!
No, this is crazy talk: Lablulabudah.
Good ol' fapperino.
Can I get your fapperino special?
100% of people who eat, die! So don't eat!
Screw the atmosphere, it's overrated anyway.
Yeah, f**k the gravity!
The conclusion is that gravity should be f**ked, not the gravity doing the f**king.
It doesn't matter how powerful the card is if you can't waifu it.
First 1000 followers become mods.
She does meet the shankability requirement.
If anyone get mod, it should be Viv? Well, she does meet the shankability requirement.
Dude, it's okay to be a lolicon!
God damn Japanese trying to write Japanese like it's English.
Time for some Hanabolism.
I think we'll go vanilla.
Don't you diss my chicken!
Seagull, my niggah!
Fight me like a homo sapien!
The chicken will f**k your sh** all night. All day and night.
You can put a limit on a man's strokes. That's what we call "edging".
Gigantic black dick.
Succubus-on-Futanari action. Wow. I'd enjoy that.
Eh... I'll go with the lesbian.
Origami sex toys.
Gotta go with the dick. Ramp knows how to appeal to me.
I like being a dick to children.
I don't think I'm a golden shower kind of man.
Is it too late to back out? Can I just turn into a Kotorifag and call it a day?
I'm gonna make it my b**ch!
Being lazy is hard! I need a better lazy algorithm!
I did it, guys! I made my laziness more efficient!
It doesn't matter how philosophical I get. At the end of the day, it's all about dicks.
I just talk about dicks all day
I just want to air 4 hours of ads! Isn't that The American Dream?!
I wish I could be Kotori's pillow. Then she would sleep on me.
Those sites won't work because I'm in a closet
I bet quote 666 will be like me saying I'd sell my soul.
When I can't explain things I just, I just. Yes.
Show me your loli!
This isn't fun! This is... this!
F*** it, Kotori is my waifu.
Oh, you want the... the... the the. The!
There is nothing to love during this time. This is no Love Live. This is just Live.
Kappa is love, Kappa is life
I'll stop when I'm dead.
I have no money!
This is the sound of a dying whale
Talk to me, sandwich. You're my only friend.
I think I did it. I transcended the need for sleep.
There's no need for combo, you just need 69
I've stopped caring about everything
F*ck you, f*ck Hanayo, and f*ck me pretending to be me
F**k everything! F**k live, f**k hell, f**k f**k!
DiCi, I will cut you
Don't you insult the quality of shit!
Sometimes you just want to say f**k a lot
Whale desires for more! MORE!
I fucking&nbsp;wish I was high on some drugs right now
I would fucking&nbsp;smoke the shit&nbsp;out of toad puff
My smile team is... smile
Why come back in six hours and not now? I know you want me now. And I'm right here, covered in your favorite chocolate flavor~
I believe you are salty because you are faulty
So, who will join me on this Neo-Nazi endeavour?!
Don't you fucking&nbsp;insult milk bags!
There is nothing but me, the closet... and the laughter~
That is an act of whale treason! Do you want to start a war with China?!
Not dis shittu agien!
You think you get one minute breaks in Vietnam?!
Math me. Math me! Math me! Math me!!!
Why do I get hungry is such a stoner question, woooooh~
Think of your own junk, man!
I'm out of lolis. Come back tomorrow. I'll kidnap more.
Initial Hanayo is perfect for 69ing
Don't use my quotebot as a magic 8 ball!
I support euthanasia. Just kill me.
You counted all those dots, hahahAHAHAH~
...hahaHAH, Takaramonos never stops...
There was a time when there was no Takaramonos but now there is Takaramonos. Goodbye.
These quotes, these... fuck!
If I have to think what I need to say, then... it's just collusion
Wooooh~
Yeah, I'm going to die
Can't handle how fast I am!
I'm full screen tapping my monitor pretending I'm a whale
I'm tired of sandwich meta!
With great whale comes great responsibility
My bot is no oracle!
For whatever reason it became sentient of the shit&nbsp;that it was fed
We need to rip new Kb_z a new one
Nothing but the foot fetish!
Me and Cool no longer hang out, we had a falling-out. There was a time when we hang out but our ideals just clashed too much so me and Cool are no longer friends.
Smile, on other hand, was always there for me when I needed them. And Pure is like a reliable family member that you don't ask too much for but when you do ask they will be there to help you out. But Cool? Yeah, Cool and I just aren't too compatible.
I want like you pro
I don't understand it either. Just appreciate it. The best things in life were not meant to be understood.
Oh, did I hit notes? I'm sorry, I'll miss more.
I'm ready, Woof. I'm ready to honk Honkers once more.
Can you fabricate 285 more quotes before I hit 1000 followers? That'd be great.
Bankrupt? What is that?
Our 69 days are over
Don't expect too much, Gee. It's just you and me tonight.
Goodbye, world...
I think I'm at maximum insane capacity. The insanometer is broken. Like I am, hahaHAHAHAH~
Ah, fire, my best friend! Did you know that I'm an arsonist? Well, not now. But soon...
Let's do it. Let's do it the next event. Let us failstrat our way to rank 1 in Japan!
But you get that 2% discount code which is just my name. Soooo gooood, dude. That 2%, man. After buying like fifty of them you get a free one.
I will cut all of you. But I can't because I'm in a closet. What about you guys?!
The only song that I hear is the voices~
We will go ham, and we will become a Honkfag.
Time to embrace Our Lord and Saviour Honoka. For she is bread. And so am I.
Become a Honoka fag. Join me, hahAHAHAH. Wooooh~
We preach to the world the wonders of bread...
Honoka is love. Honoka is life.
Great bait mate I rate it 10 out of 8
Woooh~ WOOOooh~
Oh boy, using 1 love gem to play 1 song to level up again. Ho ho ho, Merry fuсking Christmas.
I will see you when I'm not insane. So goodbye forever...
I'm gonna kidnap as many lolis as I want
There needs to be a loli kidnapping simulator. It will appeal only to 1 person but... Yeah, that needs to be a thing.
I prefer my grills no name
When I failed, I refailed
The greatest way to get new friends, force them to be your friend
Time for some toilet strats!
We are here to purge the sea of unworthy creatures
If you're gonna fuсk with Canada, you're gonna have a bad time
Whale war II? What happened to Whale War I?
Anyone who fuсks with Canada is an аsshole
Does that make BB, me and Cychun the Germany?
I honestly don't think that there's a Reddit Whale Clan
You know what Reddit is? Reddit is France. Ahahaha. Goodbye. Goodbye...
I don't know what type of grills you buy but mine are always of the no bra variety.
You have to be a master of 69, or else you will be overwhelmed by its power
I hated this game since day 1. But I'm being forced to play it by KLab.
Why the hell does the bot have 3 followers?!
I'm ready for the 69.
That's what we call overloading the desire sensor
There's two ways to beat the de ze the de ze the de, de de?
I originated from my mother's womb, not from the garbage bin
My name is so powerful it gives a 2% discount
2D is superior to 3D
You can't fuсk 2D. So just find the girl that will cosplay your favourite character and fuсk that.
I'm gonna be as lazy as possible. And you can't stop me, mom!
Don't you f**king Kappa pyramid me!
Yeah, let's go, noodle arms! I will fuсking slurp your arms!
Yeah. Yeah yeah! Yeeeaaahhhh! Rank 269, bitсhes! I'm a God!
By the end of this my soul will be shattered
Snakes are not spiders.
I'm a lazy programmer
Minority REPRESENT!
I think I got raided by DEMOLITION_D, and right now I'm getting the D.
If you guys are here for the cute girls, I'll show you guys all my cute girls.
Time to begin to suck anew!
The Love Live dub can suck it.
I'd pound Honoka's things. I'd pound Honoka all night!
That's what the quote bot is for, quoting my accurate utterances of insanity
You think I'm not insane? Well, I deny that.
Great Honoka. Reminds me of a loli. Would honk her. Would waifu that Honk.
Have some lolis in a cup
DiCi, learn to fuсking listen!
I'm just going to blow all my load on Honoka
You were supposed to destroy the anons, not join them!
Ah, good ol' ham and cheese sandwich. Never do me wrong, never do me dirty.
I'm not that senile yet
You heard it here first, folks! Ceris sucks at School Idol Festival.
A real pro can throw salt while playing!
The cheese is real! It's like some fermented shit.
I've forsaken the Rice Goddess
Umigah is my twin, who I share my account with
We all know that you're 4chan spy, Ceris. I'm onto your shit!
He set it gently on his bed...
I remember times when Ceris wasn't the embodiment of 4chan
Fapnado? Wow, what a great name! 10 out of 10, would friend.
How many sandwiches do I have left? Not enough, man. I'm gonna starve on the last day.
I'm pretty much like a prisoner
If I expire before the event ends, remember - I was a lolicon
Candy is not going to provide the necessary nutrients for survival
Yeah, there are 9 million individuals playing this game. All of them are Ceris.
Oh wow, this sandwich is a week old!
The sound I make when I eat this sandwich.
This sandwich is sucking the life force out of me
I'm fighting with the sandwich, and the sandwich almost won.
Use the bot as your magic 8 ball.
You wouldn't fluff a man's bird. I'm pretty sure it's telling you to go for the waifu.
Grammar, not gram her!
This is the losers stream
Summon DiCi, that's the easiest thing you can do
What do you mean "use the whale"?
This song will buttfuсk me enough
Well, I am stupid. And I enjoy my stupid logic.
I don't even have booze!
That's kinda fuсky
I imagine WhiteRiceBot to be a mini Hanayo android
Nozomi is trash tier
Oh boy, DiCi and Anni hour! My favourite!
The Anni and DiCi hostility, I love it!
Check out that booty!
How did humans discover paper?
Such a stoner question, Ceris
How did paper get invented, man? That shit&nbsp;is so useful!
Maybe they were tired of writing on rocks
Was paper invented before pencils, as dumb as that sounds?
Well, you know, without toilet paper they would just leaves. I think.
I forgot all my French in high school, thank god. More room to remember useless stuff, like idols.
You missed the monumental moment of monumentals
I would spend all the loveca for the booty
How can you dislike that delicious Nico bikini though. So delicious.
Down with the old Muse, praise our new Sunshine overlords!
Time to abandon all our old waifus and migrate to the new waifus!
You think I can construct sentences?
You're here to NTR my viewers
Love Live 4chan anime? I would watch the shit&nbsp;out of it!
Burd event? Ain't nobody playing that.
Nozomi kitchen disqualified
Unlimited Dick Works
You should just learn the language, stop being a filthy gaijin
4chan isn't something you should be Kreygasm ing about. Except FRAMESPAM, he's kind of hot.
5 rewards of shit. Classic Medley.
Yeah, to celebrate 1000 followers I'm gonna do 100 soloyolos on somebody else's account. What a scumbag.
The Purgatory Train is too dangerous. The more I listen to it, the more I become a Kotorifag. Send help!
Is that a cue for me to betray Ceris?
How is eating a sandwich cannibalism? It's not like it's a human sandwich.
Kotori is more important than friends.
Owl is the biggest casual of all time
I hard Umidah, wow
Everyone in this chat whales for Kotori
You're all equal in the eyes of God. Because I'm God.
I don't want casuals in my stream. All casuals, please leave.
It's about making the game your bitсh, not the other way around
You're higher than Eiffel Tower
This closet is too small! Can I buy a bigger closet?
I'm getting Unlimited Kotori Works!
Hit me, baby, Hit me. I want you to hit me with the best shot.
I lost my train of thought, Kotori stole it away
It feels fine when I touch myself at night
I'm the chat bitсh
I change my waifu everyday
Only Woof gets to have the foot fetish
I'll use you in a daytime then
Oh come on, lemons are not flat!
Do that one more time and I'll ban your a**
This game will fuсk me 5 ways to Sunday
The world is your oyster
I'm not being racist but the White versions are pretty аsshole-ish
Oh, Guppy! GUPPY! HOOK ME UP!
Come on, ghost baby, it's on you! Ghost Baby! GHOST BABY! GHOOOOST BAAABYY!
If I were Guppy right now, I would be wrecking this game a new hole
Just not to the eyeball. If it's not to the eyeball, I'll be fine with it.
Don't mind me, I'm just gambling my life away
Ceris just breaks my shit. I ask politely not to break my shit&nbsp;and then he does it anyway!
KLab. Making sense. Pick one.
Oh my god, this guy is so fuсking huge! He's so fat~
I saved it! I saved my baby!
Oh my fuсk a dick
Oh my god, that guy shoots purple shots and isn't afraid of anything!
I'm gonna run away and be a little bitсh about it
I like it when it's meaty~
Since when was moving a hipster thing?
I would fuсk bird
If you didn't want to lose your bed, you shouldn't have failed your classes. That's the way I see things.
I'll die... but not to a fly
Do you like my 169 deaths? I like it too.
I'm not used to my girls moving.
This isn't over yet! I'm going to get my 3 stars girl!
Oh come on, don't be a cocktease!
When you play with them long enough, it just becomes a part of you.
Oh wait, I can do both of you at once
I'll fight you all. On Friday. With my noodle arms.
I keep hitting Nico! I don't want to hit Nico. I want Honoka's pants!
Risk is me tonight
Looking for a descent wood? Try Viagra!
We kinda need DiCi here, he's our source of porn
Holy shit, people! I haven't seen people since walking outside. And it's been years since I've done that.
I went from being a miner in the Siberian salt mines to a crazy person streaming from a closet
Oh my god, people! Oh my god, DiCi!
I remember how to slap that all on the floor. And then how to slap that till I get some more.
What's wrong with the Alpacas? They're the best waifus.
It's nice that I'm finding... Oh. I was gonna say it's nice finding people but then DiCi showed up. That's not nice at all.
The game gets harder, and so do I
We will beat you the fuсk up with our milk bags!
Loli Whites? No thank you, I prefer mine of the Asian variety.
In a way, I stalk all of you
Oh, Bitch-chan, we meet again
Don't mind the slurp sounds
I will strip!
Oh my god, he took off his shirt! It's time. It's time for the wreckoning.
Are you ready for a striptease, Ramp? He's gonna fuсk your shit&nbsp;up!
Somebody needs to cloth that man, his nakedness is too powerful!
Hey, Ceris, get over here. Get over here and I'll show you my ping pong circulate.
Let us both seek the pudding!
And the seagull is gonna K.O. me
Oh my god, Ceris, why are you still alive?!
Guys, it is time. Let me show you my beautiful body!
Can you all not be on my lollipop? That would be nice.
AI Ceris, what are you doing?!
Oh yes, Window Mode me
I'm trying to make Vancouver appealing but I can't really think of anything that's appealing about it
You come out of your Mom after, you know, she does the deed with your Dad
You just have to appreciate that your parents fuсked. Because you would not be here right now if they did not.
I got tired of examining birds so then I went for the little girls
Oh, I'm definitely more crazy. I streamed in a closet for 10 days. Not many crazy people can say that! Actually, not many sane people can say that, crazy people say that all the time.
Rule number 1 of the stream is don't argue with DiCi. It's like arguing against a brick wall that punches you in the face.
Once you go full whale you cannot run anymore
Aw, don't do... don't be like that. I'm lonely... Don't let me play alone!
The truth is, I had the whale translator installed so all I do is make whale noises and microphone translates it into words that are comprehensible to people
Oh yeah, the crunchy noises are when the whale translator doesn't understand my words so then it kinda malfunctions
Smoke meth, hail Satan
Remember kids, don't do drugs. But if you have to do drugs then you might as well do drugs.
After my motivating speech about using drugs they went to experiment for themselves. If people die on the news, you know who to blame.
Hey bro, shoot that into my arm, we're FCing Beat in Angel tonight, baby!
Yeah, after shooting that into my arm the angel isn't the only thing I'll be beating tonight
I don't encourage domestic violence. But I do encourage fapping! It's a great way of relieving stress.
Pretty sure a lot of people fap while being high or of similar kind of intoxication. It may or may not enhance the experience.
I'll pleasure your drug~
Oh, who's the dodger? Don't tell me it's Jesus!
Well, you know what they say, it feels best raw
Touch the lolis as much as possible!
He needs to come back here so I can give him a knuckle supper!
I'd like to show that girl MY 3 star rod!
My rod is anything far from 3 stars
Are you actively asking for a porn chat? That's a new one.
I'm a damn human saltshaker!
Oh boy, there we go! The Fakku!
I do need to touch my gun loli more so I can get a sub on her
You need to tell me about that dream you had about kidnapping lolis. Like fill me in on the details.
I treat my lolis with respect, I do not sell their body parts
What the hell are you gonna do with a loli's cheekbone?
Maybe you feel more pleasure without the foreskin! That's why circumcisions are a thing, right?
Do lolis have brains? Excuse me? What kind of slander is that?! Lolis are people too!
While my plans to make money do involve lolis, I would prefer if the lolis were, you know, in one piece by the end of it
It could just be a loli. That would be pretty sweet.
Hey, I respect the girls, man. I only tap them in the appropriate places.
HONK HONK, motherfuсkers!
Good night, hentai...
Oh, DiCi. And Danny. And hot ass, the most important one of all.
Hey boy, you're gonna get me some of that hot ass!
Oh, that motherfuсker with no name! I will fuсk his shit&nbsp;up!
I haven't even streamed for half a year yet and we're gonna reach a thousand quotes. I'm not sure I should be proud about that. Because that means there's a thousand sentences that I've uttered that are just not for human consumption. It's that shitty.
I don't fuсking know anything about American history, you gonna have to help me out
That's what your mother said last night when I performed coitus with her
The only rod users I need are the ones that deal with my dick~
Oh, Assman, we meet again.
Just leave it to DiCi, he'll bitсh about it less if you do
Of course everything is better with Exirex, she's a girl.
This 169 LP though. It's too much power for one person to contain, I don't know what to do with it!
We don't talk about those crazy closet streaming days. I'd like to forget about them, they bring back war flashbacks.
I get war flashbacks every time I play Takaramonos
Post Takaramonos Stress Disorder? That actually fits way too well.
Gonna lay down some of those sick jams by the Backstreet Boys
Full Comboing is too hard, I pay someone else to do it for me. That's what all whales do really.
I just want to hear Nico Nico Smile and lose all hope in humanity
He messed up the 69!
I stuff myself with Coco Puffs
Yeah, can you just fill a bra with some Coco Puffs? That'll give you quite the jug.
How the fuсk do you get a job at Tumblr? Who the fuсk would want a job at Tumblr?
If you want to look at people's porn all day, just work at PornHub. Or XVideos. Or YouPorn. Or XNXX. Or xHamster. Am I forgetting any? Oh, there's RedTube, right.
Hey guys, you know what would be a great name for a site where a farmer could sell his products? CornHub.
Oh my god, CornHub is actually a thing?!
Oh my god, look at that Black Corn, some big Black Corn. And some Mature Corn. And then sometimes you need that Cartoon Corn. And Interracial Corn! I'm gonna bookmark this site. You know, for future use.
Fuсk BBSenpai and fuсk his tablet! Phone Master Race! Thumb Master Race! 4 inch phone with thumbs! We're fuсking Aryan!
Touch me as I go to sleep? I don't know, man, that's gonna cost extra.
50 singles? You think I'm some kind of cheap whore? Of course I'm not, I'm an expensive whore.
Whale Simulator is magical~
Nico is food!
Oh, can we get a loli skin pack for Mount Your Friends? I would play the shit&nbsp;out of that!
We will be perfect cellmates, Anni! But I get the top bunk.
Can I even reach the top bunk? Excuse me?!
Having fun isn't hard when you have a library card!
I don't know what a military library is. I'm Canadian, I don't think we have them here.
Canada doesn't have military, we only have mounties? Oh my god, I'm sick of your Canadian stereotypes! I will fuсking fight you and then apologize!
You know what they say. It's not about the size of the dog in the fight, it's about the size of the fight in the dog. And my fight is pretty fuсking huge.
Wanna watch me destroy some newbies?
Alright, time to fail!
I gained 400 points doing nothing. What a God I am! I'm such a God at this game!
Oh my god, Snow Halation, I need you to kill me faster!
I miss you, Saki Shimozono. I'm sorry I sold you away into slavery.
Look at that 840 score for doing absolutely nothing. Why am I so good at this game?
Words are too hard, DiCi. That's why I have you as my quote dictator.
Too bad she's 2D? But 2D is the best D. You know, except for my D. Ladies~
I was merely inquiring about his darker shade!
This thing is gonna fuсk me! And I'm okay with that.
This guy is littering on my lollipop!
Quote 1000 better be fuсking&nbsp;glorious! And that better not be fuсking&nbsp;quote 1000!
Can I revive so I can put my shirt back on?
Oh my fuсk up dick...
My jackbox is the jackiest of boxes
We need a sexy owl to "host" us
I did not have sex with that woman!
Yeah, how big is your doll collection?
Oh goddammit, I still need to use the fat thing
I desire macaroni pictures!
Why is Honoka a tomato? Oh, she's a slime.
I wasn't thinking. But when am I thinking? That's the real question.
How the fuсk old am I?!
If you don't have a dong, you're a girl, that's how things work. Hopefully.
Goddammit, I hate thinking!
I don't have enough brain cells for this
It's a Honk day every day for me
So this is finger meta
No Bra team would clearly be all Nicos, just because of her delicious flat chest
I just want to be a productive member of society
I don't have a change of clothes for her
They run through a hallway and lose their clothes
You can add girls to your girl
That's my true intention. It wasn't about the science, it was about the lolis.
This Michelle loli though. Can I get a 4 star of this loli?
I want my own loli to bring home.
We can be loli buddies!
Hentai, are we playing the same game?
Hmmm? 4 star? Loli? Is this real life?
One hand for playin', one hand for the eatin', and one hand for the fappin'
Numbers aren't the only thing that's large. Ladies~
Come on, game, give it to me, give me that bunny loli!
Gimme. Gimme! Gimme the loli!
Don't you cocktease me like this! You give! You give.
Disproving DiCi is the most satisfying feeling you can derive from this stream
Fuсk DiCi, he's a shit&nbsp;disturber! That's his only purpose.
You get the enjoyment of the game and the pleasure of the lewd all in one neat package!
Someone get the fapping while showering quote. That's what we call efficient use of time!
You don't eat while you shower because the shower ruins the food
Oh my god, we got a lolowowowo... This is so lewd!
I want... I want... I WANT loli in school mizugi with the gun!
Have you seen Honoka's butt? That thing is like the singularity of energy! It fuсking caused the Big Bang, that's what it did.
Officer, I've done nothing wrong except kidnap a few lolis!
It has nothing to do with the murders, I just like collecting lolis!
I am not into Honkers. I'm bonkers for Honkers!
Holy shit&nbsp;I ate sandwiches for 10 days, kill me
I swear, that moldy sandwich did it for me. When I ate that sandwich I was like "I'm fuсking done!".
I had to minimize the "liquid" at all costs, especially with the tight amount of space in the closet
Guys, are you ready? Are you ready to HONK? To HONK like you've never HONKed before? I am.
Yeah, I'm gonna eat AND fap, to save time
Well, here's what I have to say about your standards: Fuсk you!
Just ignore DiCi, everyone. As always, he's just here to be an аsshole.
I need to focus. I need to be more efficient so I meet up to DiCi's "standards", as he puts it.
KLab can suck a fat one
They have magical ice spirits that keep them cold!
I go on to stream and then you're just here to shit&nbsp;talk me
I think you make me hate myself whenever I press the start streaming button
I just wanna travel back in time and kill myself so I don't have to start doing this
Are you a firm believer of fishes that have paws?
Only the adults have arms
I've reached the singularity
I've become immune to the grind
Don't regurgitate what I say to anyone you know in real life, it's not recommended
The things I say on stream should be kept on stream
I say a lot of risqué things
Why bother living? We're all just atoms.
Don't you go all biology on me!
An actual dinosaur is not kawaii enough for my "purposes"
Maybe my stream is just so sexy that you can't handle my sexy voice~
You don't have to buy me to get my attention. You have to buy me if you want me to do sexual favours.
How about we compromise and will have a medium boob Honker?
Honker is not one of the flat girls but she doesn't have Nozomi's nozomis either
Please leave all the boob related discussion to a burd related discussion
You know there's a bird named "big tits", right?
All this boob chat is my cue to leave!
Tits and boobies, that's great!
I'll show you MY sterner stuff~
Ha, Nico, pure. Pick one.
A whole bunch of dicks. That seems pretty common.
Oh, you went with the D. Very nice.
I'll give Nozomi my sword if you know what I mean.
Huh, I guess I do control time.
I'm not touching this conversation with a 5 foot pole. Aka my dick.
You're breaking my balls, game, you're breaking my balls.
I'll take any bone I can get at this point.
Hey man, have you seen Nozomi's nozomis? They're pretty... they're pretty something. Oh they're pretty alright.
It could be bigger. We need to get bigger!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Gee. You shoulda went slower.
Come back here, my sweet, I need to appreciate your loli body
I'm a little girl surrounded by slimes, I know where this is gonna end up!
But when do we start acquiring the lolis?
We're not loners, it's fapping with friends.
The only porn allowed is 2D. When you add an extra D, that's too much D for me.
But that 1D porn... Mmmm, such a sexy dot... Look at all that dot on dot action!
Please do drugs, it is more financially responsible than playing Love Live.
Paradise Live can suck a long schlong for all I care.
Alright, Ceris, show me your 69.
They look like something you would insert inside an orifice, and then you move them around.
All you use Snapchat for is like dickpics. I think.
Nanoha vore? I didn't come here for Nanoha vore. I want my high-octane Nico vore.
DiCi's porn taste is much more refined
You know what I did today? I took off all my clothes.
Rin is best boy
By all means, Star, 69 me. I welcome it.
I like things coming out of my bum, not going back in.
I don't want anything to do with games involving cookies. Get that away from me.
Oh yeah, Ruck Fin! I always want to Ruck Fin!
At least I'm the best at being the worst.
Holy shit, 60 quotes about lolis... can we get 9 more?
My balls need mana.
I'm&nbsp;fucking&nbsp;teemo!
Burritos have no integrity to begin with.
Any more than 4 and you can't search for "loli", and that'd be the end of the bot.
Excuse me, I'm going to go gamble my life away
Tonight is just going to be me and my good old friend Mr. Salt.
Oh, Cancer, so good!
Of course nobody likes me, why do you think I stream?
Holy dicks, I need another brain.
Pardon the&nbspfuck me, Cychun? Pardon the&nbspfuck me?
I'm Hitler now, behave or I ban you
So gay dude
Oh my lanta this chat tonight has been gayer than my entire streaming career up to this point
All Andrew uses my account for is to type "I'm gay"
What's wrong with liking lolis?
Oh God! Close the brackets!
Dude, I didn't sign up for this. I signed up to kill starfish.
PORN WAITS FOR NO ONE!
Oh wow, Cychun isn't worth that much.
Nice hands, let's&nbsp;fuck.
I swing for the home team, I go for some booty
Excuse me, Gee? Did you raise your hammer at me, you little fuckboy?
Dinosaurs are the ancient ancestors of birds. Kotori is just one of the dinosaurs.
I want your gun, Urara. And your delicious loli body...
We can try to feel up the girls for level 7 happiness
You can't avert me forever, lolis!
You should learn how to thumb because it's more convenient
This was my first botched 69
Would you show Kotori your Blueberry Train?
Did you hear that, Anni? That was me clapping.
It's just been so hot lately. The weather, not me.
I would make a joke about 169ing Kotori... but that's not even a joke at this point.
Right now I'm Kintolesky's bitсh
I don't need your charity, but I will take it to make my life easier.
Cychun is the kind of person who has enough dollars to buy a Mercedes and put it next to his yacht.
Yes! I'm not first! That means I'm not ass.
Yeah, I totally would inject Nozomi too.
Would you like dinner? Bath? Or me..? Why not all~
Yes. Yes! Oh yes!
Yo, why is she high on hearts?
We need to jack up our "hammer"
It's true! Dawg's a donator and he has priority over you!
You fuсking fuсk! I will fuсk you so hard! ...No homo.
The name doesn't matter, what matters is that Exirex is a grill.
Like it or not, DiCi comes with a complete package
Why do you have to draw me as a trap, I'm already one.
You hear that, boys? Ramp does lolis.
Why do I keep getting Haruka? She tries so hard to be my waifu but I'm like NO!
Anni's assholery. Also the name of my indie folk rock band.
You think I care? You think I care they're underaged? It's not like I'm gonna like... We're not gonna copulate.
For the last time, guys, we're not gonna fuck!
Are you fuсking 5 dicks?
This is an аss blasters!
Sorry, I choked on my brain there
Don't look at goatsee, goodnight.
So, uh... Where's the hooker?
I prefer a battle of wits, but you're an arm
Ha! It goes full circle: when you're bad at everything, you are good at being bad!
I miss Radio Shack... No, that's a lie, nobody misses Radio Shack.
There is no stupid question, only stupid Mirefire
I am a god at being bad.
I wanna see the hole!
You're gonna cock block me at level 7?
What, Mire? You want a piece of this аss too?
My tits are getting erect under this uniform!
The depths of my pussy&nbsp;and the inside of my belly button are getting tingly!
The feeling of climaxing after orgasm feels so good!
I feel the weight of these breasts on my shoulders
I've become a toy with the purpose of fulfilling your sexual desires!
My&nbsp;pussy is tingling!
Already getting a full erection just from touching a girl's boobs..
Deeper! Harder! Senpai, I'm going to-
Ahh! My semen is flowing into Senpai's pussy! This is what a creampie feels like!
Thanks for the souvenir Senpai
Can we get some whale porn? That'd be pretty hot.
The issue doesn't really arise... Ha, A-Rise.
I wonder how long my box takes.
I love all of you. I'm never saying it again.
Go tell the guy, we're doing it.
We all used to be Homo Erectus if you know what I mean.
I can take them off if you want, ana~
You can shake those pom-poms any day for me, baby~
Hey baby, want me to show you my McDonalds Muk-bang tonight? It's out of this world.
Why don't we just eradicate all the Jews?
Yeah, fuсk Jews, they're all casuals.
Maybe I should do a Pedobear cosplay? It would be very thematic of me.
The Kotoko concert was amazing. I've probably never screamed like a schoolgirl so much in my life.
Where's my in-app purchases?! How do I whale?!
Oh boy, we finished loving our girl.
Give me some more of that love drug, man, I need more of that love drug.
What's up with all these girls with giant racks?! Show me the flats!
Forgive me, God, for I have defiled Maki.
Yeah, the human body is beautiful, there's no shame in expressing the consummation of love between two humans in the form of a manga
Don't you go philosophical on hentai. I won't allow it.
Oh my god, I'm getting gangbanged by slimes!
I'm just going to go over in the corner and hammer myself now.
Sometimes you just need your brain cells to die
I'm free from the Love Live hell!
Twitch is going to be dead by next year, I'm calling it.
Why are there so many side chickens?
I would crunch Nico, if you know what I mean.
I'll use the dildo.
Oh my god, these giant bullet dildo things.
It's not easy being cheesy!
Is that his hair? Sick locks, dude!
I guess you could put Gilgamesh into the mesh.
Why would I ever give away such a sexy man?
I'm trash? You're completely right.
I'm going to be collecting balls all night.
Then we'll collect balls. I need many balls.
http://yugioh.wikia.com/wiki/Spiritual_Beast_Rampengu What do you think, this looks like Ramp, right?
I'll just bury my lewd thoughts in, uhh, my mind.
I haven't said anything quoteable related to the "L" word in a long time!
Porn chat is not the point of my chat... anymore.
Ever since I listened to Blueberry Train 100 times, I got Stockholm Syndrome.
She comes if she wants to.
My significant other is my iPhone. After all, that's where all the waifus are contained.
You always go for the harem ending, it makes everyone happy.
Do you know the best way to get a new phone? Break your old one.
Sacrifices had to be made.
I didn't choose the honk life, the honk life chose me.
No! I shall not failstrat for extra points by taking the Devil's toxin!
False alarm. Not a nosebleed, not yet.
*ClapClapClap* I still exist!
Alright, come clean. Who is Umidahfan? Because they don't exist.
I'm more of a juicey kind of guy.
Make me your yugi-hoe.
It was imposible to thumb it when it went that fast.
Rule number 2 of the stream is don't argue with Dawg. It's like arguing with DiCi. And arguing with DiCi is like arguing against a brick wall with spikes on fire that punches you in the face.
Maybe I'm just blowing smoke on my ass.
2.5D is the new D to go.
I'll absolute your value, Gee!
Penetrating to the 7th one is taking so much effort.
Dammit, Cirno, stop doing your job! I need to penetrate!
If you're only using one hand, the other hand is free to... you know.
Alright, you'll be hamburger, I'll be hotdog.
This is where they&nbsp;fuck?
Only scrubs need to aim.
I'll spice your wolf
I want a very long and erect gun.
I'm having a scientific organism.
Why are you even assassinating? You have a sword, you don't need a gun!
Just blow your load immediately.
Fuсk the Chinese Whales!
The truth is, I sexually identify as an attack helicopter.
The thing between my legs does identify that I am cis male.
My last arrow isn't done shooting yet.
Sleep is for basic bitches!
You think I'm some kind of fuckboy?
Is the chat becoming cancer again? Was the chemo not enough?
It's always Initial D hour with me, ladies.
First the cancer from the chat, now the diabetes from this song. I'm dying.
I can penetrate that.
Listen to my heart, and my sausage.
Let's give Umi our sausage first, Kotori can wait.
Gotta give the waifu the good ol' sausage.
I can burn so many calories this way, just playing with my sausages.
I'm slightly more confident about my sausage play.
I like these sausages too. They're thick and... lump... Perfect for tapping idols with!
Maybe I should play with sausages more often if it rolls me in the dough.
Wait, let me figure out how to whale, and we can stop this torture.
I don't really know what being sick feels like. I'm too stupid to get sick.
Don't touch Hitler onii-chan's dick
Go show me that butt
Maybe I just play with sausages all the time.
What makes you think I don't play with sausages normally?
Puberty. Lovely.
I'm a streaky kind of guy.
Oh my god, double ass!
I'm a naughty, naughty spoiled brat. Hit me, hit me daddy.
Okay, I'm a bitchboy.
I used to do damage, then I took a Technology 2 to the knee.
Fuck, fuck&nbsp;these fuckers, that's all I wanna say.
Yeah, I game too hard.
Raw raw Urara, I want her romance.
It's alright, Mire, Dawg finished before you did, so...
This stream is sponsored by Hentai Haven. I'm actually the webmaster for that site.
Oh no, it's a D!
Alright, I'm gonna test this D sword out.
I sexually identify as a noodle. Ever since I was a boy, I dreamed of wiggling over the oilfields, dropping hot starchy loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being a noodle is impossible and I'm retarded, but I don't care, I'm beautiful.
Nothing wrong with sexually identifying as a noodle.
You know, the only girl I loved, I gave her the nickname of Noodle.
I just wanted some sex!
Oh my god, his name is an umbrella! That is awesome!
How about 600 dot I'm gay.
Dammit, I want to ban someone.
Give it to me, Raw.
They can still penetrate us with missiles, but it's worth it.
775 megabytes?! You're breaking my balls here...
Pizza, I'll show you MY Mal Ganis if you want me to.
Um, are you seeing this? Christmas is humping!
What about that new Urara? I want her to suck my life forces out. Then Haruka to inject me with some more.
Get in here Mire, and that is not innuendo.
Don't quote that, I didn't say it. You can quote that.
This is my first time doing two people.
I'm not used to getting double teamed. Thats why.
I can't spell "house."
Get in here, Mire. I'll give you simple stuff.
Second position is red!
I would totally stone for a P.
It might actually be worth it to stone the hell out of this.
Don't be me, guys.
Just because every new person you meet could or could not be a trap doesn't mean they're scary.
Dawg, I'll P versus your NP.
Milk and underaged girls.
I never finish early, ladies!
Middle coast is best coast.
You want to pop that cherry? I would pop that cherry.
I know how to wield a sausage when necessary.
Please don't mind the slurping sounds
You don't need to be a Reddit mod for your opinion to be valid!
I'm a grill? I'm okay with that.
You're just scared of my enhanced Blue Crow. Also the name of my dick.
Back to grinding. Ugh, it's gonna take all night.
Alright, you'll get your wish. We'll grind.
Oh, this grill totally wants my D!
Oh yea baby, rub it
My life is a perpetual nosebleed.
Who do you think you are? I am!
Is your&nbsp;pussy shaved, Juu?
I prefer my&nbsp;pussy shaved.
I'm into that leg action.
Yea, we need to watch some lolis die.
Did you see that? Chest-ception! That tiny chest is so cute!
Gotta get in there and get greasy.
Black poop!? Black poop...
Black poop probably hurts you when you touch it.
Might as well take part of the pie before the chef gets back, right?
Don't mind if I polyAAAAAAAHHHHH
I don't understand, what's so dank about these depths?
I welcome the memes, I just don't see any.
Get hit, get 5 cents. That's the life of a whore.
Girl's just need spiky bras. That way, molesters OH MY GOD IT'S A 4 WAY LASER.
Don't worry. We can totally make this work. Aww man, now we're fucking&nbsp;dead.
The fire shot at me!
I really want some kind of protection before we go down.
How is that racist? Black people have to poop too.
Let's just watch while our beautiful sink ships.
What the fuck&nbsp;is this? Multi-dimensional baby!? Umm... what does it do?
I can't take this or else I die!
These things shoot at you? I thought they were just fat!
What the fuck&nbsp;is that thing!? It's like The Haunt... but more boney!
Rotten babies are pretty good.
We have double cancer eh? We're the embodiment of Twitch chat! Hey-yoo!
I saved your&nbsp;fucking life, you better pay up!
Shaw is not something that should be PogChamp ed
We're streaming at 60 seconds per frame, I hope you enjoy it.
Tina time? You gotta pay for that.
Oh yeah, I'm a girl streamer. I'm so glad you all came to the stream tonight, I love you all! So fake, right?
You wanna see my gun? Let me unload my gun.
What's the proper position?
It's no longer about lolis. It's about traps. We've become the embodiment of Exi.
I am quite erect.
Mire, what are you looking at?
Nice! Incest!
What part of my gun do you want to see, pizza?
Mire's going deep on this thing...
Mom's hand doesn't seem faster.
Yo, hit this box. It'll feel real good.
I'm dry. Also my libido, is pretty dry.
Yeah, I sexually identify as a sprout.
Here, I'm going to paste a picture for you guys, and then you guys will come.
I've made an Umi.
You're gonna love my nuts.
Lemon party this mofo.
There's a library of infinite knowledge and everyone checks that I'm gay first!
There's no Bob Ross, only UmiRoss.
Some people are... adventurous.
I know this, I'm the king of the world!
Nya, nya, nyaa!
I can be whatever you want.
Give me a minute, I'm going to strip.
Ha, nobody buys photoshop! That's a myth!
I took off my boobage though.
You can't have Urara licking the white stuff.
What will you do when I show you I have balls?
Alright guys, it's time to show you I have balls.
If you never wore a skirt once in your life you should try it. They feel comfortable after you get used to them.
Ha, look at this jokester, buying photoshop.
I came for the children.
I'll finger your cam, Juu, if you just ask.
Next I'll do PizzaDino!
Oh no! Giant text!
Suck on them and give me health!
Come get a taste of Big Daddy!
Dude, I'm too big! I got stuck in a hole!
Feed me, daddy!
I, Umida, do hereby swear that Mimorin is objectively 'Best Girl,'and that this statement supersedes any statement I have made in the past or will make in the future, regardless of any statements I have made regarding this statement itself, and regardless of who gets the most donations in this fundraiser.
You would only need 7 moms. Now, you need 127 moms.
Honoka is best girl.
I would eat the hell out of Ranpha's buns.
Not even one hand, one finger.
I tried with the tongue once. It worked, but it was disgusting.
It'll have my most memorable quotes that you can, like, play whenever you want.
Coolguy is female.
Alright here's the story of how Exi became mod: I found her on Omegle and we exchanged nudes. The end.
I'm a sprinter.
In the meantime, I'm just abusing the burd.
Its just Honoka, Honoka wouldnt harm a fly
I masturbate to Miyanaga Saki
Do you think I buy Japanese Love Gems?
Why do you feel sorry for me?
I feel honored that someone watches my garbage.
I'm a streaker.
Silly mire, I'm a streaker.
Are you ready? I'm a lady.
Oh yeah, get right in there.
You really shouldn't be giving your old bras to random strangers on the internet.
Kill me, I don't want to live in a world where my devil and angel deals are mom's panties
Now I can't fap in the background!
We're roleplaying? I'll put on my robe and wizard hat, and I'll show these girls a good time.
I came... to this stream... to show off loli soccerball.
If I woke up as a loli, I'd try and find the me me and introduce loli me to me me.
69ing is too hard tonight.
Did everyone dodge Yuujo no Change!? I thought I was being courteous by staying!
There's too many burdfags!
Just like how I wanted to show Exi the D.
Your bed is big enough for both.
No waifus! I'm out!
It can take as long as you want me too exi.
Follow me on titter.
What's wrong with hitting on exi? I literally do it every stream.
I swear to god, if any of you *** paste this you guys will be in serious trouble.
Float like a butterfly, Ming like a Lee. If she can count to three, she's old enough for Ming Lee!
Lol, you can't kill cak. Top cak.
I just laid down all the memes and they voted for me.
Holy *** i could've gotten laid
Bye bye bye to my wallet.
There's too much boy in me.
I need more white songs.
WHOOOAAAAA! ...Now I need to clean my pants...
Ramp, you're the devil.
I'm sinking into the Umi.
They look like men? All the more sexier.
God dammit, you're all hitting on Exi. I have less of a chance now. Too much competition.
It's finally happening. Shaw has realized how great of a Strimmer I am.
The *** bird man
I'm gonna be like, milking these girls for stones the entire night.
I want to get Nozomi to 32 affection, so I can milk her stones.
Fight me, Valve.
All milked out dude, all milked out...
Is that an invitation, Maralina? I'd do it.
Nope, nothing, exi. Just go sleep so I can watch you... I mean, what?
Can I eat poutine with Vlad Putin?
Oyasumidah, Exi. Don't lock your window.
What makes you think Exi isn't a trap?
I need someone else that's similar to my length.
How long is your dong, mire? Does it reach all the way from A to Z on the keyboard?
Join the Haruka side, let her fill you with her love fluids.
What are you talking about, officer? I don't have any lolis. They're completely legal in their own country!
Cychun, I miss you.
Oh, it looks right! Achievement of the night!
I swear, I'm really close to finishing.
What's wrong with "our miraculous time", don't you want to have a "miraculous time" with me?
My favorite activity! *thumpthumpthump*
This is what I'm doing, gamr. Can't you hear the rigorous fapping sounds in the background?
Whoever adds Blueberry Train will be ended. I will personally end you.
I will end you, cutie. Let me just add you to the list of people that I need to end in my lifetime.
Well, what's a way to put it... Exi is a grill, while DiCi is an annoying tumour that throbs every minute.
You're like the first on the list, Ceris. You're number one.
Nice! Double 369 time!
What do you have against test4? Better than cloning myself.
I'm a trap
There can only be so many bugs, right? Right!?
You hear that, exi? Why don't you partake in my dating service?
Who the hell is tom ato?! Why aren't you banned?!
You're in the wrong stream if you think oppai is going to get you anywhere.
Yeah, I would've liked noppai.
You know, like, if a tomato was fleshy... A strap-on would be a good compliment.
Oh, it's pretty good... I-I like Exi.
Oh, the audience fuсked me!
Ahh... The audience keeps&nbsp;fucking me!
My vomit isn't worth much; I'm a human.
What do you need help with? Having you been listening to too much Eien Friends? I had that problem, too.
My mom won't believe me when I say in a goose excuse me?
They do honk. I learned this in my favorite anime, "Code Geese: Le Goose of the Rebellion."
The 1%? The scouting ticket? The gold gift from the friend assist? This is some illuminati shit&nbspright here
Who are you and what have you done to the real Umidah?
Anyone want to do a solo yolo on the weapon gacha? Aside from Cychun, who already got, like, everything.
Oh, a gun. This was totally worth it. I needed a gun.
Can I get a Big Mac with a side of tilt?
You can always lemon party with another blue baby.
Okay, we found the lemon party pill.
100% of everyone who goes to finals die, so don't go to finals.
I did do my grandma.
Yo, anybody wanna like... do it with me?
Oh my god, Honoka, keep doing that.
Good night, exi. Leave the window open, as always. You don't wanna like uh... suffocate. Yeah. Suffocate.
Yo man, I'm cool with genocide, I'm just gonna let it out.
Murder is fun.
I wanna be a good girl for mommy!
Wanna show me something? Is it your D?
Am I supposed to eat him out?
There's more than one date? Oh boy. Can't wait to get promiscuous.
Am I getting tentacle raped?
I can't afford college, both in this game and in real life.
Clean me? I'm sorry, the only person I want to clean is exi.
Yo, can I go into the hole?
He stripped! Nice!
Too bad you can't play with these balls!
I want exi to trigger me
Time to be the biggest a**hole of all time. So basically a normal day of me streaming.
You want some love don't you? I'll share some with you!
You want to know how I discovered.... No, never mind, I shouldn't talk about this. Oh why the hell not. I was in ninth grade and I heard some fellow students talking about tentacle hentai.
I want exi to make ME have a bad time.
Cychun, you're in charge of Yuri.
Once dormitories come out, you can blow your entire load.
Damn you Toby Fox! Stop humping my head!
Genocide is the only thing left for me
Jiggling is love, Jiggling is life.
Shark, I'll make you a deal. If you play Battle Girl High School, I'll allow you to make one bad pun per stream without getting banned.
It's not gay if balls don't touch, okay.
I tried hundreds of ways to get him to show me them, but he just won't.
It's only illegal if you get caught.
Damn, why do I always attract the weird ones?
I'm sorry, SanJose. The only person I want to spear is Exi.
The concept of a succubus draining your life force through sex... It's pretty hot.
Hey man, maybe I like her because she's a succubus. Maybe that's my fetish.
Gee, are you blind? I hit on Exi practically every stream, that's basically asking her to take my energy.
Can you "take my energy"?
It doesn't matter man. It's still the same girl in the end. It doesn't matter how long it is.
Dude, we're talking about hentai!
Any other fetishes you wanna talk about?
I like breaking innocent girls' minds.
Neal is talented, and I'm garbage.
Neal is talented and I'm Nico
I get easily distracted by trash because I, too, am trash. I feel sympathy for trash.
#5 are you kidding me? I get the most viewers when I'm programming. Kappa
Exi is supposed to be dead.
Oh, you shot Eli. That makes perfect sense.
I got your physical example right here!
I can't finish before 12, so I'm just gonna finish on stream
Oh yeah, let's just get even smaller.
They're eating him...! And then they're going to eat me...! Oh God!
You're rubbing too fast? I don't know man, I think they like it fast, so they can get more rubs. The RPM man, gotta increase it.
Alright, Cychun... Hope your morning wood comes out fresh.
It's just blowing out her candles. I wish she would blow out my candles.
In all honesty i'd probably been an uke
My sword is too weak.
I mean, I would give her my sword, but it's too weak.
I gave her a lot of balls. She should perform a lot better now.
Step aside Love Live step aside Idolmaster its all about girlfriend note now
Oh yeah, in order to see those emotes you need to download FrankerFaceZ, which is a plug-in for Firefox or Chrome. But don't worry, soon Kappa I'll have emotes that you can see without the plug-in. Kappa
I took the opportunity to make umiPuke , which makes no sense because it's neither Umi nor is it reverse peristalsis.
There used to be a time when being efficient was hard. Now it's just oooh LP overflow, oooh I can get any N from any song, oooh so hard dude. And you can play songs even with no space. This game is purely for CasuOwls now.
Velocity is pretty good at quoting my long utterances of utter nonsense.
Oh yeah, I'll stream myself stripping, too.
Hell no! NO EXIT ORION is the coolest thing ever! I'll bet... 10 dollars!
Yeah, why don't you quote that, I'll pay you 10 dollars. I'll pay all of you 10 dollars.
By the time NO EXIT ORION comes out, the Canadian dollar will be booming! I hope.
I'm still waiting. I'm waiting to see if coolguy wants to have a bad time.
Uhh, if it's a squeal, I like doing kyaa? Yeah.
What are we going to do on the bed? Pomf
Eh, I had the urge to do it earlier. *tapping noises*
I'll show you MY droid, cychun. It's a pretty nice droid.
I think I've seen your droid before cychun, so I just need to show you mine.
Yo, exi, you wanna share it with us? I wanna see your D...roid.
Oh my god, we're done!
Can get get best loli? Is she in the gatcha? We need best loli!
"What does pot of greed do?" Question of the century. If you want some giggles, you just ask: "What does pot of greed do?"
Ever since you became Dark Pizza, you fucked&nbsp;uhh...
Wooooaaaaahhh, she came!
I did collect my girl, man!
Wheel cycle, I can do this all day.
I'm totally in.
Time to become supreme whale of Girlfriend Note. Watch out Japan, I'm going to be Number 1.
I'm just not a cool kind of guy.
Hey, I like this song. Pretty groovin'.
This disco ball will be the death of me.
Why am I still alive?
This! Is! Love Live! And then we kick Nico down to the bottom of the pit.
I was giving shaw a mouthful.
Alright, time for failure.
It doesn't matter, Andrew. As long as you're sexy enough to rub one out on, I'm cool with that.
There are URs in this game?
SanJose, are you fucking&nbsp;my dick&nbsp;5 times?
Who's my oldest follower? You shall be my new target for hitting on.
Touch your shiny ball.
Have you heard of that app that's like tinder, but instead of sex, you look for fights IRL?
Naw man, knife beats guns every time.
Will you show it to me, exi? Will you show me your big, thick knife?
Want move? Grab tight me.
Exi, can you attack me in bed? Can you be as savage as possible?
Sometimes I fill my bathtub with M&Ms and pretend I'm godzilla in a ball pit.
Sometimes I paint myself red and pretend I'm an apple.
Real friends don't let friends have friends.
I want exi's love.
The dick I have does not exist.
Uh, can you guys donate $2000 to fund the "Exi goes to Japan" fund?
Long story short, I'm selling out.
I would have much preferred to uh, FUCK!
Can you crush my candies Exi?
The followers don't mean diddilee.
I said "diddilee" not Italy.
I'm pretty sure everything bad is always my fault.
What a beautiful shot.
What Ceris doesn't know is that the sum of all those numbers is the number of years he will be banned.
I need you man! You need to shoot! On the poop!
Woah, dude, my hair is gorgeous!
Little Horn... is what I like to call my reproductive organ.
Cychun, you can't solve all your problems with money. Well, you can, but most of us can't.
I totally did not know my body could be used like that.
Oh great puberty, just what I needed.
Erectile dysfunction... I mean, the last one sounds pretty good, does it not?
Worshipping Satan seems to be working. I need to draw more devil circles.
Welp, guess we're going in raw.
I think you mean forced, with a D? There's a dick joke in there, insert it yourself. That wasn't the dick joke.
Way to start the new day. Me getting anal about ranch. Good job chat.
How do you feel about my foot up your ass, Gee? Because that's how I feel about it.
I'd go gay for Exi.
I'll elongate your sounds IN BED! Invitation for you, Exi. One day.
Oh my god, Exi, steal my energy!
Oh, so you want a gangbang picture.
You can be very picky with me all night, baby.
I'm just opening packs. I don't do this often. This is just my Christmas present. To myself.
Trash is still pretty warm. Sleeping in trash is better than sleeping outside.
I got your sub button right here as I point to my genitalia.
Best Card is Nico SP
No merry, just Christmas.
This immortality is a curse. All I seek in life is to end it.
I don't know the lyrics, so I just pretend they're saying "police stole my dad"
I stream on Kamcord. That's where all the hip people go.
I want Santa Maki to stuff my stocking.
I really like your pants. I'm going to wear them.
Old enough to count, old enough to mount!
You don't need a sword to clean a bathroom.
Just come whenever you feel like it, and then I'll end.
I was anally raped by PePe yesterday.
Good night, son, it's not good to stay up so late.
Ahh, shit, not this shit&nbsp;again.
I'll show you MY golem. After I trade it to you, because it's a graveler right now.
No, we need sexyrex.
(To Exi) Can you punish me? I want to be punished.
That's a photo of you? I know what I'm fapping to tonight.
I define gay.
Why even live when you're just going to die?
Dammit, now I need to go and find the boob picture...
You guys saw it, right? It was just a picture of boobs?
Whatever man, no boobs, but I found that though. I consider it a win.
I castrate myself to you.
Oh my god, it's a wet dream.
I'm not absentminded when I have my boot up your ass, Ceris.
Ugh, all the Burdfags.
Haha, if you add request Blueberry Train, I will end you.
Hey, your money smells like maple syrup, you can't go wrong with that.
Just because he's a man doesn't mean you can't waifu him.
Gotta give us the deets.
Maybe you should reconsider the song of the year, this one's too lewd.
All my luck for the entire year went towards this one pee.
I sound like my dad's shoving his dick down my throat.
My dad hit me when I was growing up and it made me hate everyone.
I'm not racist I'm just... uh... what is the word I'm looking for... I think I'm just suicidal. HAHA.
I'll open this and save it for later.
I was partaking in my wonderful audience.
I already have two cow-cows.
Are you some kind of Nazi non-sympathist? Get out of here!
Can you play as Hitler?
I wanted to be a Hitler main!
Yeah, DiCi, don't die, you're a valued member of this stream.
I'm going to mute my mic so you don't hear slurping sounds.
I got your Sexy Zone right here!
I'm approaching two Zodiac! Two Zodiac cycles. The only conclusion is I'm old.
Hurry up and pick a song so I can ruin it.
If ramp has a decision, we can do you first.
The booze continues, but the throat, she weeps.
I'm going to become a Rising ZAN: Samurai Gunman speed runner in 2016.
I'll put this in my fap folder!
